2016 DR AGON BALL Z TR ADING CARD GAME

™

THE BASICS
Welcome to the world of Dragon Ball Z! In the Dragon Ball Z
Trading Card Game, you’ll construct your own customized
deck and battle it out with an opponent to determine the
fate of the galaxy. This rule book will teach you everything
you need to know to start playing the Dragon Ball Z TCG,
and further rulings can be found in the Current Rulings
Document at dbztcg.com.
There are seven different card types to consider when
building a deck. Main Personality cards and Mastery cards
will begin the game in play. From there, your Life Deck will
consist of 60 Physical Combat cards, Energy Combat cards,
Event cards, Setup cards, Drill cards, Ally cards, and Dragon
Balls. With these, you’ll inflict damage on your opponent,
collect Dragon Balls, and level up your Main Personality.
When your opponent’s deck runs out of cards, you win
the game! You can also win by collecting all seven
Dragon Balls, or by reaching 5 Anger on your
highest Main Personality level.

CARD TYPES
Main Personality - Your Main Personality (“MP”) represents
your character on the battlefield. A Main Personality set is
comprised of four Levels, each one with its own Power Up
Rating (“PUR”) and Power. Main Personalities also have 11
Power Stages. You’ll keep track of your current Power Stage
by moving up and down your Power Levels with the back of
a card or by using dice. You can reach higher Levels of your
Main Personality by raising your Anger, which you’ll learn
about soon.
CARD RARITY INDICATOR
CARD NUMBER

PERSONALITY LEVEL INDICATOR

POWER STAGES
SET SYMBOL
POWER UP RATING

ALIGNMENT
Main Personality cards that are blue are Heroes, while red
denotes a Villain.

Mastery - Your Mastery card represents your fighting style.
There are six Style types in the game: Black, Blue, Namekian, Orange,
Red, and Saiyan.

Black: The manipulation style. Black uses disruptive effects to control
your opponent’s options, as well as deal damage from a variety of
attack types.
Blue: The reversal style. Blue cards will often prevent damage or use
your opponent’s own cards against them.
Orange: The controlling style. Orange seeks to establish dominance by
accumulating cards in play while unleashing powerful attacks.
Red: The aggressive style. Red cards emphasize advancing your Main
Personality and often reward you for being on higher Levels.
Namekian: The regenerative style. Namekian decks pay special attention
to cards that have been discarded from the deck. This style can only be
used if your MP is a Namekian Personality.
Namekian Personalities: Piccolo, Nail, Lord Slug, Gohan, Cell,
Cell Jr., Dende, Kami
Saiyan: The battle-crazed style. Saiyan cards are focused on all-out
attacking and brute force. This style can only be used if your MP is a
Saiyan Personality.
Saiyan Personalities: Goku, Vegeta, Gohan, Nappa, Raditz, Trunks,
Turles, Cell, Cell Jr., King Vegeta, Bardock, Broly, Paragus, Goten, 		
Pan, Gotenks, Gogeta, Vegito

Freestyle: Freestyle cards are non-Styled. Any cards that don’t have
Black, Blue, Namekian, Orange, Red, or Saiyan as the first word in
their title are Freestyle cards.
Your Main Personality and Mastery begin the game in play and
shape the entire theme of your deck. Mixing and matching
different Main Personalities with different Masteries can yield
powerful results. Choose wisely! From there, your deck will be
comprised of the following types of cards.
Physical Combat cards are strikes, holds,
and other types of attacks and blocks that
will be used to battle with your opponent.

Energy Combat cards are also used for
attacking and blocking. Beams, blasts and
other ranged moves are represented on
these cards.

Event cards create powerful effects that
can swing the entire game in your favor.

The following cards can only be put into play on your turn
during the Planning Step, which will be explained in a bit.
Drills represent knowledge or training, and are
constantly active once they are on the table.
Whenever your Main Personality advances or
lowers a level, all of your Drills are discarded.
You may never attempt to play or place into
play a Styled Drill that matches the name of a
Drill you already control, but there is no limit
on Freestyle Drills.

Setups are cards that you’ll put into
play and save for later. You won’t get
to use any effects of a Setup until it is
activated.

Ally cards represent other characters who
can come to your aid. They have a PUR,
Alignment, Power Stages, and a Power
just like your Main Personality. Allies have
special rules for what they can do during
Combat.

Dragon Balls are a set of seven mystical
objects that will grant the wish of anyone
who can collect them all. When you play
a Dragon Ball, you must immediately use
all of its effects. There are different sets of
Dragon Balls, such as “Earth Dragon Balls”
or “Namek Dragon Balls.”

ANGER
Anger is the mechanism you’ll use to level up. You begin
the game with zero Anger, and you can keep track of it with
things like dice or tokens. Card effects will raise your Anger
throughout the game, but your opponent may use effects that
lower your Anger as well. Whenever your Anger level reaches
five, advance your Main Personality to the next Level and set
your MP at ten Power Stages above zero. Your Anger is then
set back to zero, all of your Drills are discarded, and you may
use the new Power of your Main Personality this turn.

Note: Your Anger cannot go below zero, and you do not lose a
Level as a result of your Anger being lowered. If an effect grants
more Anger than necessary to level up, it does not carry over to
the next Level. If your Main Personality is advanced or lowered to
any Level by an effect, your Anger remains the same. If you are
lowered a Level, set your Main Personality to five Power Stages
above zero. Whenever you cannot win by MPPV and would
advance a level by gaining anger on Level 4, your anger resets to
zero and your MP is set to its highest power stage.

MAKING A DECK
Your deck must contain a Main Personality set (Levels 1-4,
each card of the same MP name and Alignment), a Mastery,
and exactly 60 other cards.

You may include only one copy of any given Dragon Ball or
Ally. You may only include Dragon Balls from one set (for
example, you may not include both Earth Dragon Balls and
Namek Dragon Balls in the same deck). You cannot include
any Allies that match the name of your MP.
Your deck may contain up to three copies of any other
eligible card. All of your Styled cards must match the Style
of your Mastery. You may also include Freestyle cards. Some
Freestyle cards are Named, meaning they have a character’s
name in the title. Any Named cards you include must match
the name of your MP. Any cards tied to an Alignment must
match the Alignment of your MP (this includes Allies).
When you first start out, use a Starter Deck in order to grasp
how things work. From there, add cards from Booster Packs
to design your own personalized creation!

GAME ZONES
Throughout the game, you’ll have cards in your hand and Life
Deck, cards in play on the table, and cards that have been
discarded or removed from the game.
Life Deck - Your 60-card Life Deck represents your various skills
and techniques, as well as how much vitality you have left.
You’ll draw cards from it to perform attacks, and take damage
by discarding cards from it to the Discard Pile.
Hand - Your hand will be filled with cards that you have drawn
during the course of gameplay. During Combat, you’ll play
cards from your hand, use their effects, and then discard them.
In Play - Some cards stay in play and remain on the table. Your
Main Personality and Mastery will always be in play on the
table, while other cards like Setups or Allies will come and go.
Discard Pile - Cards that are discarded after being played or
used are placed face up in the Discard Pile. Sometimes your
opponent will Destroy cards that you have in play, which sends
them to the Discard Pile. When you take damage, you’ll discard
cards from the top of your Life Deck and place them in the
Discard Pile. Cards in the Discard Pile must stay in order.
Both players may inspect either Discard Pile at any time.

Banished Zone - When you Banish a card, it is removed from
the game by placing it face up in the Banished Zone.
You might play cards that Banish themselves after use, or your
opponent may use various effects that Banish your cards in
play. If a Dragon Ball is discarded or destroyed and it matches
a Dragon Ball already in play, it is Banished. Cards in the
Banished Zone may be in any order. Both players may inspect
either Banished Zone at any time.
GAMEPLAY
Once you and an opponent both have a deck, you’re ready
to play! Begin the game with your Mastery in play, as well
as your Main Personality set on Level 1 at five Power Stages
above zero. After shuffling your deck and deciding who goes
first, the initial turn begins. Each turn consists of the
following steps:
1. Draw Step
At the beginning of your turn, draw three cards from the top of
your Life Deck.
2. Planning Step
At this time, you may play any Allies, Setups, Drills, or Dragon
Balls by placing them face up on your side of the table. Then,
your Main Personality and any Allies gain power stages equal
to the amount listed for their Power Up Rating.
Note: Allies come into play at three Power Stages above zero. Drills
generally have
effects that are always active, but remember
that Setups need to be activated during combat in order to use their
abilities. Also recall that any time you play a Dragon Ball, you must
immediately use all of its effects (and it is then considered “in play”).
You may never attempt to play or place into play a Dragon Ball that
matches the name of a Dragon Ball already in play.

3. Combat Step (Optional)
You may now decide to declare combat against your opponent.
You’ll find out the details of the Combat Step below.
4. Discard Step
At the start of the discard step, you must discard cards from
your hand (one at a time) until you have one or zero held cards.
Then, your opponent must do the same. Either player may
choose to discard down to zero held cards.
5. Rejuvenation Step
If you did not declare combat this turn, you may Rejuvenate
one card. Rejuvenating means taking the top card of your
discard pile and placing it face down on the bottom of your
Life Deck.
After you have finished these steps, your turn is over. Your
opponent then takes the next turn and moves through the
same steps. Continue alternating turns until the game ends.
There are three ways to win the game:
Survival Victory - if your opponent’s Life Deck has no cards left
in it, you win the game.
Most Powerful Personality Victory (“MPPV”) - if you reach five
Anger while your Main Personality is on Level 4, you win
the game.
Dragon Ball Victory - if you control a set of all seven Dragon
Balls, you win the game.

THE COMBAT STEP
The Combat Step is the heart of the game, and most of the
excitement during a match occurs here.
When you declare combat, use any “when entering combat”
effects you have (such as from your Mastery, Main Personality,
Power, Drills, etc). Next, your opponent uses any “when
entering combat” effects and then draws three cards.
The Combat Step involves alternating Actions between players.
You make an Action such as playing an attack or using an effect,
against which your opponent may defend. Your opponent then
makes an Action, against which you may defend. Then you
make the next Action, and so on, until both players pass.
The player who declared combat makes the first Action. Here
are the types of Actions you can make:
»» Playing an
card: Attacks will usually be Physical
Combat or Energy Combat cards that you play from your
hand, or the Power of your Main Personality. Whenever
you play an attack, your opponent may attempt to defend
with an appropriate defense card.
»» Use a Power: The Powers of each Main Personality Level,
Ally, and Mastery, may only be used once per turn. To
use the Power of an Event, play it from your hand during
combat and then discard it after use. To use the Power of
a Setup in play, activate it and then discard it after use.
»» Passing: If you don’t want to play or use anything, you
may pass. You must pass if you have no other remaining
Actions to make. When both players pass consecutively,
the Combat Step ends.

ICONS
Cards have different icons that tell you when they can be used.
- [attack icon] A card that performs an attack
- [defense icon] A defensive card that can be used against attacks
- [constant icon] A continuous effect that is constantly active while the card is in play
- [timing icon] An effect with contextual timing that can be instantly played or used (whenever appropriate)
HOW [attack icon] AND [defense icon] CARDS WORK

Whenever you play an [attack icon], your opponent may play or use
one [defense icon] card by playing it from his or her hand (such as a
physical combat card that stops a physical attack), or by
using something already in play (such as a Power or Setup).
Cards used defensively do things like reduce the damage of
an attack, or stop all damage completely. When a card Stops
an attack, the attack does not hit and deals no damage. The immediate effects of [attack icon] and [defense icon] cards always take place as
soon as they are played. Some cards have effects which work
only after an unstopped attack deals damage (“HIT effects”).
There are two types of attacks - Energy Attacks and Physical
Attacks. Energy Attacks generally deal damage directly to
the opponent’s Life Deck by discarding cards from it, while
Physical Attacks usually lower your opponent’s Power Stages.
Most Energy Attacks cost Power Stages to perform. To pay
for an Energy Attack, lower your Main Personality the required
number of Power Stages. If you do not have enough stages
to pay for an attack, you are unable to play it. Many Energy
Attacks deal damage in the form of Life Cards. To take Life
Cards of damage, discard cards one at a time from the top of
your Life Deck and place them in your discard pile.

Physical Attacks usually have no cost to perform and deal
damage based on your Power Level. To calculate the damage
of a physical attack, you’ll reference the Attack Table (“AT”).

AT TA C K E R

DEFENDER
0-999
A
1,000-9,999
B
10,000-99,999
C
D 100,000-499,999
E 500,000-1,499,999
1,500,000+
F

A
1
2
3
4
5
6

B
0
1
2
3
4
5

C
0
0
1
2
3
4

D
0
0
0
1
2
3

E
0
0
0
0
1
2

F
0
0
0
0
0
1

Find your Power Level in one of the A-F Attacker rows and
compare it to the Power Level of your opponent’s Main Personality
in the A-F Defender columns. For example, Vegeta performs a
Physical Attack against Goku. Vegeta’s current Power Level is
90,000, placing him in the C bracket. Goku’s Power Level of 7,000
puts him in the B bracket, so the AT value is 2.
Whenever you take Power Stages of damage at a Power Level of
zero, the remaining stages are taken as Life Cards of damage from
the top of your Life Deck. For example, Goku deals five Power
Stages of damage to Vegeta. Vegeta is at two Power Stages above
zero. He lowers his Scouter to zero, and then takes three Life Cards
of damage by discarding the top three cards of his Life Deck.

DAMAGE SUMMARY
Attacks may have some or all of their damage prevented or
reduced. An attack can be stopped, which causes it to do no
damage. Attacks that are not stopped deal damage and perform
any “HIT” effects. After that, if your attack dealt enough
damage, you may then use a critical damage effect.

WHEN TAKING DAMAGE...
There are two things you should watch for when taking damage.
Since Dragon Balls are placed at the bottom of your Life Deck after
being discarded, they do not count towards the total and require a
replacement discard. If you are taking damage and can only discard
Dragon Balls, your opponent wins by Survival Victory.
Some cards have Endurance. Whenever a card with 		
Endurance is being discarded as damage, you may
Banish it to your Banished Zone in order to prevent
EN
DU RANCE
some or all of the remaining damage. For example,
you are hit by an Energy Attack dealing six Life Cards of damage.
You discard the first card from the top of your Life Deck and place
it in the discard pile, and then the second. You then discard the
third card - which has Endurance 2. Rather than place the card in
your discard pile, you choose to Banish that card to your Banished
Zone - preventing two cards of the remaining damage from this
attack. You then finish taking damage for the attack by discarding
one more card and placing it in your discard pile.

2

CRITICAL DAMAGE
Whenever your opponent discards five or more Life Cards of
damage from an unstopped attack, you have dealt Critical Damage.
Whenever you deal Critical Damage, you may use a Critical Damage
effect. There are three Critical Damage effects to choose from, and
you may always select any of the three (regardless of whether or
not they will have any effect):
»» Capture a Dragon Ball. Gain control of a Dragon Ball your opponent
has in play by turning it sideways and moving it to your side of
the table. When you Capture a Dragon Ball, you may choose to
immediately use all of its effects.
»» Discard an opponent’s Ally in play.
»» Lower your opponent’s anger 1 level.

ATTACK TIMING SUMMARY
1) Pay any costs of the attack.
2) Use any immediate effects of the attack.
3) Opponent may play or use one
card and use its immediate 		
effects. It is then discarded/banished (if applicable).
4) Calculate and deal any unstopped or un-prevented damage.
5) Use any HIT effects.
6) If Critical Damage was dealt, you may choose a
Critical Damage effect.
7) The attack is then discarded/banished (if applicable).

ALLIES DURING COMBAT
Allies may have damage redirected to them. Whenever your Main
Personality would lose Power Stages due to damage from an attack,
you may have an Ally lose those stages instead.
Allies can also perform Actions or use a Power whenever your Main
Personality is no more than one Power Stage above zero. When an
Ally performs an Action, it acts just like your Main Personality. This
means you can do things like use a Power of an Ally, use the Power
Level of an Ally when referencing the Attack Table, pay the costs
of an Energy Attack by lowering the stages of an Ally, and so on.
Constant (
) powers on Allies are in effect even when your Main
Personality is more than one Power Stage above zero.

SAMPLE TURN
You and your friend open two Starter Decks, and begin the game
with your Mastery cards in play and your MPs on level 1 at 5 stages
above zero. After rolling dice to see who goes first, you begin the
first turn of the game.
You begin with the Draw Step and draw three cards. It is now your
Planning Step, so you can play any Setups, Drills, Allies, or Dragon
Balls in your hand. You have a Setup that draws a card, so you play it
onto the table. You then raise your MP’s stages by its PUR amount,
and your Planning Step is complete.
At this time, you have the option to declare combat. You do not elect
to declare combat, and move on to the Discard Step. Since you still
have two cards in your hand, you choose one card to discard to your
discard pile (and hold onto the other). Finally, the Rejuvenation Step
occurs. Since you did not declare combat, you may Rejuvenate the
top card of your discard pile by placing it on the bottom of your Life
Deck. Now, it is your opponent’s turn.
Your opponent draws three cards for his or her Draw Step, then
enters the Planning Step. Your opponent has nothing to play during
the Planning Step, and powers up his or her MP using its PUR.
Your opponent then declares combat. At this time, he or she uses
the “when entering combat” effect of his or her MP. After your
opponent finishes using any “when entering combat” effects, you
may then use any “when entering combat” effects before drawing
three cards. You do not have any effects to use, so you draw three
cards. One of your drawn cards is a Drill, which cannot be played at
this time.

Your opponent may now make the first Action in combat, and starts
off by playing a physical attack dealing AT + 3 stages. The attack has
an immediate effect of raising your opponent’s anger, which takes
place before you decide to defend. At this time, you may play or
use one
card. You play a card that stops a physical attack, so the
attack deals no damage.
It is now your Action, and you elect to activate your Setup that
draws a card. Use its effect, then discard it. On your opponent’s
next action, he or she uses a physical attack dealing AT + 2 stages.
You are unable to defend, so you refer to the Attack Table. Your
opponent’s MP has a current Power Level of 20,000, which is in the
C bracket. Your MP is seven stages above zero, which puts your
Power Level at 7,000 in the B bracket. C to B results in an AT value
of 2, + 2 from the attack’s effect, for a total of 4 stages of damage.
Your MP is lowered four stages, and your opponent may now use
any HIT effects of that attack.
Your next action is to use the Power of your MP, which is an energy
attack costing 2 stages and dealing six Life Cards of damage. Your
MP is lowered two stages to pay for the attack, and your opponent
may now play or use one
card. Your opponent does not stop
the attack, and must now discard 6 Life Cards of damage. On the
fifth discard, your opponent reveals a card with Endurance 1 and
banishes it to prevent the remaining Life Card of damage. However,
your successful attack still dealt Critical Damage. At this time, you
would use any HIT effects of the attack, then choose a Critical
Damage effect. You elect to lower your opponent’s anger 1 level.
Your opponent passes for his or her next Action, and you do
the same. Each player discards down to one or zero cards, the
Rejuvenation step takes place (no Rejuvenation occurs since your
opponent declared combat), and it is then your turn. You start again
at the Draw Step by drawing three cards, and the game continues
from there.
Now you know everything you need to play your first match of
the Dragon Ball Z TCG. However, this is just your first step on the
path to becoming a true master! Stick to using a Starter Deck at
first, and then expand on your strategies by adding new cards from
Booster Packs. As you hone your skills and perfect your deck, you’ll
discover countless interactions between all the different cards
available to you. It’s a game of limitless possibilities! Crafting your
deck, collecting new cards, playing new opponents with different
strategies, discovering new combos...all this and more awaits you in
the world of the Dragon Ball Z card game!

GLOSSARY
Ally: Allies enter play at 3 stages above 0 unless otherwise indicated.
Allies may make Actions or use a Power when your MP is no more
than one stage above zero.
Powers of Allies are always in effect,
even when your MP is more than one stage above zero.

c

AT: The Attack Table is used to determine AT values by comparing
the attacker’s Power Level bracket against the Power Level of the
defender. Cards may reference the value of the result from the
Attack Table for calculations that are not power stage damage.
Attached Cards: Some cards attach themselves to things in play.
“While attached” text is always active as long as it is attached
to the intended target (“attach to ____”). Attached cards are also
considered “in play” while attached to the intended target.
Actions: Actions are things you do during combat such as using a
Power, activating a Setup, or performing an attack. Note: Playing or
using a
card to respond to an attack is not an Action.

d

Dragon Balls: Whenever a Dragon Ball is discarded or destroyed,
place it on the bottom of your Life Deck. If a Dragon Ball is discarded
or destroyed and it matches a Dragon Ball already in play, it is
Banished. When you capture a Dragon Ball (through a card effect or
a Critical Damage effect), gain control of a Dragon Ball your opponent
has in play by turning it sideways and moving it to your side of
the table. When you capture a Dragon Ball, you may use all of its
immediate effects.
Endurance: Cards with Endurance can prevent damage when being
discarded from an attack, and their Endurance total is listed in an
Endurance icon or written at the top of the card’s effects.
Effects: Immediate effects are the effects on a card that take
place soon as they are played. HIT effects require an attack to be
successful, and take place after dealing damage. Floating effects are
effects that have been created by a card that is no longer in play.
Whenever you play or use a card, resolve its immediate effects in
the order listed on the card (one sentence at a time). Then, discard
or banish the card (if applicable). Effects that take place with a
contextual timing (i.e. “whenever,” “if,” “after,” etc.) take place
immediately after finishing the resolution of a sentence. When you
have multiple effects to resolve with the exact same timing, you may
choose the order in which they occur. If both players have effects to
resolve with the exact same timing, the player who initiated combat
resolves all effects first.

Gaining/losing stages: Whenever an effect causes you to gain or
lose stages, you may choose any one personality you control to gain/
lose the total amount. Whenever a personality would lose stages at a
power level of 0, the remaining amount of stages are discarded from
the Life Deck. Note that destroying/discarding directly from the Life
Deck is different from taking damage (you may not use Endurance,
and Dragon Balls do not require a replacement discard).
Modifiers: Any “+” or “-“ effect is considered a modifier.
“Naming” a card: Whenever an effect requires you to name a card,
you have one opportunity to name an exact card tile (personalities
require sub-names to be named). Dragon Balls may never be
“named" with an effect.
Parenthesis Text: This text can never be overridden or superseded
by other card effects.
Personality: Both MPs and Allies are considered personalities.
“Playing” vs. “Placing into play”: Playing a card is different from
placing a card into play. Whenever an effect allows you to “play”
a card, treat it as though you played it from your hand. You must
pay any costs, and if it is a Dragon Ball you must use its immediate
effects. Conversely, “placing into play” does not require any costs,
and you would not use a Dragon Ball’s immediate effects.
Power: Effects that can be used during Combat. Powers of Main
Personalities, Masteries, and Allies can only be used once per turn
regardless of things such as advancing/lowering a Level or leaving/
reentering play.
Power Level: The number rating of your current Power Stage.
Power Stages: Your MP has 11 Power Stages, each with a different
Power Level. You will gain and lose stages throughout the course
of the game, and you can keep track of them with dice
or the back of a card.
Rejuvenate: Place the top card from your discard pile at the bottom
of your Life Deck. When a single instance of Rejuvenation causes
you to Rejuvenate multiple cards, they are Rejuvenated one at a time
(starting with the top card).
Searching a Life Deck: Whenever an effect searches your entire
Life Deck, you must shuffle after searching. Whenever an effect
causes you to search your Life Deck for a card and you fail to find it,
your opponent may search your Life Deck to verify its contents.

Thanks to all the Dragon Ball Z fans and players
for making this game possible!
Credits
Brand Manager: Aik Tongtharadol
Game Design and Development Manager: Richie Williams
Game Design, Development, and Playtesting:
Joey DiCarlo, Eric Kunkel, Sean Poestkoke
Game Development and Playtesting: Dominick DiCarlo,
Nick Glaser, Joel Glasser, Garrett Wilkinson, George Wilkinson
Graphic Design: Lupe Partida, Cody Peterson, Tré Hattier
Rulebook Copy: Richie Williams
Dragon Ball Z ™ Original Game Design and Developers:
James M. Ward, David Eckhard, Israel Quiroz
For more information about the game, upcoming events and
tournaments, and future products, check out:
www.DBZTCG.com
and
paniniamericadbz.wordpress.com.
For more information about the show check out:
www.dragonballz.com
Version 3.0

ICONS

Cards have different icons that tell you when they can be used.
- [attack icon] A card that performs an attack
- [defense icon] A defensive card that can be used against attacks
- [constant icon] A continuous effect that is constantly active while the card is in play
- An effect that may be used immediately, whenever appropriate
TURN SEQUENCE

1) Draw Step – Draw three cards.
2) Planning Step – Play any Allies, Setups, Drills, or Dragon Balls
and then power up each of your personalities.
3) Combat Step (optional) – Your opponent draws three cards
and then you both alternate actions.
4) Discard Step – Discard cards from your hand (one at a time)
until you have one or zero held cards.
Then, your opponent must do the same.
5) Rejuvenation Step – If you did not enter the Combat Step,
rejuvenate the top card of your discard pile.
Your opponent now begins the next turn.
ATTACK TABLE (AT)

AT TA C K E R

DEFENDER

A
B
C
D
E
F

0-999
1,000-9,999
10,000-99,999
100,000-499,999
500,000-1,499,999
1,500,000+

A
1
2
3
4
5
6

B
0
1
2
3
4
5

C
0
0
1
2
3
4

D
0
0
0
1
2
3

E
0
0
0
0
1
2

F
0
0
0
0
0
1

© 2016 Panini America, Inc. 5325 FAA Blvd., Suite 100, Irving, TX 75061-3601 Printed in the USA.
For Conformity Certificate visit www.paniniamerica.net ©BIRD STUDIO/SHUEISHA, TOEI ANIMATION. License coordinated by Funimation® Productions, Ltd.
All Rights Reserved. Dragon Ball Z and all logos, character names and distinctive likenesses thereof are trademarks of SHUEISHA, INC.

